README.md, before:

# Big Bang Gallery 🌌

An epic cosmic art gallery showcasing AI-generated artwork with a stunning black theme and neon green accents. Built with Vite for blazing-fast performance.

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.0.0-green)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-7.0-646CFF?logo=vite)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)

## ✨ Features

- 🎨 **50+ AI-Generated Cosmic Artworks** - Created with MidJourney v5
- 🖤 **Epic Black Theme** - Deep space aesthetic with neon green accents
- 🎯 **3D Tilt Effects** - Smooth GPU-accelerated hover interactions
- ⚡ **Lightning Fast** - Powered by Vite with optimized performance
- 📱 **Fully Responsive** - Looks amazing on all devices
- 🎮 **Keyboard Navigation** - Arrow keys to browse gallery
- 🌟 **Custom Cursor** - Interactive cursor with hover states

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/ThomasJButler/bigbang-gallery.git
cd bigbang-gallery

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

## 📦 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Vanilla JavaScript, CSS3 Grid
- **Build Tool**: Vite 7.0
- **Hosting**: Cloudinary CDN for images
- **Performance**: GPU-accelerated transforms, lazy loading
- **Bundle Size**: ~10KB total (gzipped)

## 🎨 Design Features

### Visual Effects
- Glass morphism header/footer
- Neon green accent colors
- Smooth 3D perspective tilts
- Optimized hover animations
- Custom scrollbar design

### Performance Optimizations
- Throttled mouse events (60fps)
- Debounced keyboard navigation  
- GPU-accelerated transforms
- Lazy loaded images
- Minimal bundle size

## 📂 Project Structure

```
bigbang-gallery/
├── src/
│   ├── main.js         # Entry point
│   ├── css/
│   │   └── styles.css  # Epic black theme styles
│   └── js/
│       └── gallery.js  # Optimized interactions
├── index.html          # Main gallery page
├── vite.config.js      # Vite configuration
└── package.json        # Project dependencies
```

## 🛠️ Development

```bash
# Development with hot reload
npm run dev

# Production build
npm run build

# Deploy to Vercel
npm run deploy
```

## 🎯 Performance Stats

- **First Contentful Paint**: < 0.5s
- **Total Bundle Size**: ~10KB gzipped
- **Perfect Lighthouse Score**: 100/100
- **60fps** smooth animations

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues and pull requests.

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👤 Author

**Thomas J Butler**
- Portfolio: [thomasjbutler.github.io](https://thomasjbutler.github.io/ThomasJButler/)
- GitHub: [@ThomasJButler](https://github.com/ThomasJButler)
- LinkedIn: [Thomas Butler](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomasbutleruk/)

---

Made with 💚 and AI magic ✨

Commit message:

Add GitHub Pages deployment configuration
- Add GitHub Actions workflow for automatic deployment
- Configure Vite base path for GitHub Pages
- Add gh-pages npm package for manual deployment
- Update README with deployment instructions

README.md, after:

# Big Bang Gallery 🌌

An epic cosmic art gallery showcasing AI-generated artwork with a stunning black theme and neon green accents. Built with Vite for blazing-fast performance.

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-2.0.0-green)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-7.0-646CFF?logo=vite)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)

## ✨ Features

- 🎨 **50+ AI-Generated Cosmic Artworks** - Created with MidJourney v5
- 🖤 **Epic Black Theme** - Deep space aesthetic with neon green accents
- 🎯 **3D Tilt Effects** - Smooth GPU-accelerated hover interactions
- ⚡ **Lightning Fast** - Powered by Vite with optimized performance
- 📱 **Fully Responsive** - Looks amazing on all devices
- 🎮 **Keyboard Navigation** - Arrow keys to browse gallery
- 🌟 **Custom Cursor** - Interactive cursor with hover states

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/ThomasJButler/bigbang-gallery.git
cd bigbang-gallery

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

## 📦 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Vanilla JavaScript, CSS3 Grid
- **Build Tool**: Vite 7.0
- **Hosting**: Cloudinary CDN for images
- **Performance**: GPU-accelerated transforms, lazy loading
- **Bundle Size**: ~10KB total (gzipped)

## 🎨 Design Features

### Visual Effects
- Glass morphism header/footer
- Neon green accent colors
- Smooth 3D perspective tilts
- Optimized hover animations
- Custom scrollbar design

### Performance Optimizations
- Throttled mouse events (60fps)
- Debounced keyboard navigation  
- GPU-accelerated transforms
- Lazy loaded images
- Minimal bundle size

## 📂 Project Structure

```
bigbang-gallery/
├── src/
│   ├── main.js         # Entry point
│   ├── css/
│   │   └── styles.css  # Epic black theme styles
│   └── js/
│       └── gallery.js  # Optimized interactions
├── index.html          # Main gallery page
├── vite.config.js      # Vite configuration
└── package.json        # Project dependencies
```

## 🛠️ Development

```bash
# Development with hot reload
npm run dev

# Production build
npm run build

# Deploy to GitHub Pages (automatic)
# Push to main branch and GitHub Actions will deploy

# Or deploy manually
npm run deploy
```

## 🎯 Performance Stats

- **First Contentful Paint**: < 0.5s
- **Total Bundle Size**: ~10KB gzipped
- **Perfect Lighthouse Score**: 100/100
- **60fps** smooth animations

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues and pull requests.

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👤 Author

**Thomas J Butler**
- Portfolio: [thomasjbutler.github.io](https://thomasjbutler.github.io/ThomasJButler/)
- GitHub: [@ThomasJButler](https://github.com/ThomasJButler)
- LinkedIn: [Thomas Butler](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomasbutleruk/)

---

Made with 💚 and AI magic ✨
